Minor changes to the installation guide (#4116)
scikit-image/scikit-image: INSTALL.rst

`Python(x,y) <https://python-xy.github.io/>`_ and
`WinPython <https://winpython.github.io/>`_.

On all major operating systems, install it via shell/command prompt::

  pip install scikit-image

If you are running Anaconda or miniconda, use::

  conda install -c conda-forge scikit-image

> The wheels can be downloaded manually from `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/scikit-image/#files>`__

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The wheels can be downloaded manually from `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/scikit-image/#files>`__.
```

> or `Christoph Gohlke's website (Windows only) <http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#scikit-image>`__.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Unofficial wheels are also availble from `Christoph Gohlke's website (Windows only) <http://www.lfd.uci.edu/~gohlke/pythonlibs/#scikit-image>`__.
```
